---
created: 2024-08-28T07:47:27-06:00
modified: 2024-08-28T07:47:27-06:00
type: Journal
---

- Went to rock-climing gym and did usual
  program of green routes in about 16
  minutes.

- Finished setting up mother's old laptop
  for use with Outlook and WSL.

  - Did `sudo luarocks install jsregexp`.
    - This fixes a `:checkhealth` warning in
      neovim.
    - `luasnip` requires `jsregexp`.
  - Did `sudo apt install ripgrep` to fix
    another `:checkhealth` warning.
  - Did `sudo apt install wl-clipboard`.
    - This fixes another `:checkhealth`
      warning.
    - This should allow pasting into neovim.
  - After downloading and installing
    `gcm-linux_amd64.2.5.1.deb`:
    - obtained root-shell,
    - moved deb-file to
      `/var/local/cache/apt/archives`,
    - changed to that directory,
    - `dpkg-scanpackages . /dev/null > Packages`
    - `cat Packages | gzip -9c > Packages.gz`
    - `cat Packages | xz -9e > Packages.xz`
    - `cat Packages | bzip2 -9c > Packages.bz2`
    - `cat Packages | lzma -9c > Packages.lzma`
    - `apt update`

- Filled out on-line forms and paid for
  license-plate for Corolla.

  - Confirmation: 0-032-166-286

- Signed legal agreement with Live Oak
  today.

- Visited post-office in Longmont to fetch
  registered mail to trust.

  - Orange Elephant wants to be paid.

- Wrote check to Orange Elephant in
  Weatherford, TX.

  - Had to look up the zip-code because it
    was clearly wrong in the mailing that I
    received.
  - Sent email in response to one from
    Marilyn Dickey to ask for clarification
    about where I sent the check.

- Paid license-plate toll and Xcel-bill.

<!-- EOF -->
