---
created: 2024-07-07T06:53:52-06:00
modified: 2024-07-07T10:04:43-06:00
type: Journal
---

- Arose around 06:00.
- Jogged 1.5 at about 11:05 min/mi.
- Did not immediately enter shower because wife had put white power onto floor of shower.
- Instead, made bed and sat down on bed to cool off under fan while beginning these notes.
- After instruction from wife, put some water into shower and scrubbed floor before showering myself.
- After shower, wife told be to resume my long-abandoned practice of scraping wanted from walls after shower.
  - I wonder whether this might be of importance only for last person who uses shower in morning.
- Arrived at Chautauqua Park around 09:00 for Benny’s concert, in which he will play his cello.
- I brought with me a copy of Yoram Hazony’s *Conservatism*.
  - The position of the cover suggests that I had read to Page 73, but so much time has passed since then as that I wonder whether I should start over.
  - Probably so.

## Good Work

At confession yesterday, I vowed to improve my diligence at work. Not just at my paid work, but at all work.

There seems to be a connection between prayer and good work.

- Perhaps the sense in which one might pray always is just the sense in which one might always be engaged in good work.

Lately one of my greatest impediments to getting good work done seems to be the game, hack.

- I wonder if my urge to play it be similar to the urge that one might feel to gamble.
- Relative to gambling, instead of squandering both my time and my money, I am squandering only my time.

Before I started wasting my time on hack a few years ago, I had found other ways to squander my time.

- Typically, it was to begin on one or another project, doomed to be abandoned before any substantial accomplishment.
- But at least I was usually trying to do something constructive or to improve myself in some way.
