---
created: 2024-08-16T05:56:56-06:00
modified: 2024-08-16T10:20:23-06:00
type: Journal
---

- Toward the end of Einstein’s life, Pauli
  visited Einstein to discuss QM.
  - Einstein reiterated his refusal to
    accept that a system can be defined only
    by specifying the experimental method of
    observing it.
  - Perhaps Einstein was referring to
    something like the measurement of the
    spin of a spin-1/2 system.
  - The measured spin is always entirely
    along the axis of the
    measurement-device, even though the
    experimenter may choose arbitrarily how
    to orient the device before the
    experiment is conducted.
  - Also, the measured spin is directed
    either up or down along the axis of the
    device, and it is often or even usually
    impossible to predict the measured
    direction.
  - So there seem to be at least two
    possible objection’s in Einstein’s mind.
    1. The objection to the fact that,
       regardless of how the spin might have
       been prepared before measurement, the
       measured spin is always entirely
       along the axis chosen arbitrarily by
       the experimenter.
    2. The objection to the fact that, if
       the incoming system, just before
       measurement, be not in an eigenstate
       of the device’s measurement-operator,
       then it is impossible with certainty
       to predict the result of the
       measurement.
  - It seems to me that the second of these
    is Einstein’s main objection, though it
    is not entirely independent of the
    first.
