---
created: 2024-08-29T07:05:47-06:00
modified: 2024-08-29T11:39:23-06:00
type: Journal
---

- Went to rock-climbing this morning for the
  second day in a row.
  - Because I leave for Pueblo this morning,
    I'll not have the opportunity to climb
    until Monday.
  - So I'll double up on climbing now and
    double or triple up on jogging over the
    weekend.

- On the way to Pueblo, I was forced to stop
  in Denver because the Subaru was
  overheating.
  - Automotive Evolution was motivated to
    help and called to check on me, but the
    manager did not have room in his
    schedule.
  - Quattrowerks, a German-car shop, did
    offer to help.
  - By process of elimination, the
    technicians concluded that the
    thermostat is the culprit.
  - Started reading Maritain in shop.

- The foreword to Jacques Maritain’s
  _Existence and the Existent_ is written by
  John Trapani, Jr.
  - Trapani points out that Maritain wrote
    the book against the existentialism that
    had become popular after World War II.
  - Although the existentialist like Sartre
    defined the name of the movement by
    claiming that “existence precedes
    essence,” he, according to Trapani,
    emphasized “existence at the expense of
    essences….”
  - Aquinas too holds that existence
    precedes essence, at least in some
    sense, but not by deemphasizing essence.
  - So Aquinas is a proper Existentialist.
  - Section 1 on terminology.
    - Being is an act.
    - Every other action depends on being.
    - Grammatical analysis shows that at
      least English thwarts the conception
      of being as an activity.
      - One says easily, “the runner runs.”
      - But with difficulty, “the be-er is.”

<!-- EOF -->
