---
created: 2025-07-10T13:19:40-06:00
modified: 2025-07-10T13:19:40-06:00
type: Journal
---

- Added the following to `/etc/wsl.conf`:

  ```
  [interop]
  appendWindowsPath = false
  ```

  - If windows-path be huge, this
    substantially speeds up many things
    under bash, not just start-up.

- No longer try to extract and add elements
  of windows-path to PATH in
  `.bash_aliases`.

- Made appointment with John at Bank of
  America for 13:30 tomorrow.
  - Michael Charles wrote me this morning to
    indicate that the medallion-stamp needs
    to be on the original documents.
  - John wrote me back.
    - The medallion-folk at Bandk of America
      will only stamp copies.
    - Also, even what we have in process
      will not go through because my
      authorization from the court is too
      old: I need something within the last
      12 months.
      - I can go to Boulder County Justice
        Center, 1777 6th St., Boulder,
        CO 80302.

- Obtained newly verified letters
  testamentary from Boulder County Justice
  Center.
  - Sent email to John about whether he can
    find a subset of the documents that have
    sufficiently recent statements to allow
    for medallion-stamp.
    - If so, then I can set up meeting to
      bring in new letters.
  - Sent email to Michael to indicate that I
    have updated letters and to ask if maybe
    we could submit both original and
    medallion-stamped copie, or whether we
    need to work on another plan.

- Logged in to
  https://myretirement.baesystems.com to
  verify that the account is still
  accessible.

- Replied to Mauricio's message about final
  things for Mary's last return.
  - I provided appraisal information for
    Forest Ridge but just asked more
    questions about the other stuff.

<!-- EOF -->
