---
created: 2025-07-09T11:24:24-06:00
modified: 2025-07-09T11:24:24-06:00
type: Journal
---

- Yesterday, Vanessa and I found for each
  document requiring a medallion-stamp the
  most recent statement and attached each to
  the corresponding document.

- I sent email jointly to John Reyes-acevedo
  at Bank of America and to Michael Charles
  at Live Oak in order that we might meet
  this afternoon to converge on precisely
  what I need to supply to get the
  medallion-stamps.

- I talked to Michael Charles on the phone
  before going to meet John at Bank of
  America.
  - Main point is that we do not intend to
    move money; rather just to change
    ownership.
  - Clarification:
    - The Tax-ID field that I need to fill
      out in each of the documents is _not_
      the EIN for the trust.
    - Rather, the Tax-ID will need to be a
      new EIN for Mary's estate.

- I ended up meeting with John at Bank of
  America at 3pm and not calling Michael at
  Live Oak.
  - John talked to the medallion-folk and,
    when I explained that we intend not to
    transfer funds but just to change the
    ownership of the funds, seemed to
    receive permission to submit the
    documents for medallion-stamp.
  - One possible catch is that the documents
    were scanned, and the printed copies
    will be stamped, not the original
    documents.
  - Sent email to Michael Charles to see if
    that will be good enough.
  - If this work, then I shall receive the
    stamped copies by mail.
