---
created: 2025-08-25T09:41:39-06:00
modified: 2025-08-25T09:41:40-06:00
type: Journal
---

- Received passport late last week.
- Wrote check to Qua Nguyen for landscaping
  at Picket.
- Met with Adam Hoffman at Picket.
  - He will try to get all work done this
    week.
    - Fill in hole next to house by sidewalk
      from driveway and put flagstone or
      similar over it.
    - Tidy up joint between step-slab and
      siding in front porch.
    - Paint back of facia near front door.
    - Secure section of fence attached to
      gate.
    - Tidy up joint between top step and
      siding at back of house.
    - Fix drawer in kitchen.
    - Remove hardware from walls and patch
      up with dab of spackle.
      - Use paint in purple room if need be
        because paint available there.
    - Fix up bathroom upstairs.
      - Remove sink, floor, and baseboards.
      - Install new floor and baseboards.
      - Reinstall sink, and install trim as
        needed.
- Took hardware back to Xfinity and
  cancelled account for Picket.
- Booked room for fair at Hampton Inn &
  Suites Pueblo-Southgate.
  - Confirmation: 94380267
  - Thursday night and Friday night.
- Paid Xcel-bill for Picket by card.
  - Probably will end up with credit because
    I had also sent a check in late for last
    month's bill.
- Received card from Family Pet Hospital
  about regular service for Mango and Tango.
  - Sent text-message to Amber, to tell her
    to take them in and have FPH call me for
    payment.
  - Tango:
    - Feline rabies vaccination.
  - Mango:
    - Feline rabies vaccination.
    - Annual preventive bloodwork.
    - Senior six-month exam.

<!-- EOF -->
