---
created: 2025-09-02T10:39:22-06:00
modified: 2025-09-02T10:39:22-06:00
type: Journal
---

- Bought new iPhone 16 for each of Vanessa
  and me yesterday at T-Mobile.
  - Transferred my phone-number from AT&T to
    T-Mobile.

- Responded on Facebook to John Kuehler's
  reminiscence about life at Nielsen Hall in
  the early 1990s.
  - Wrote about my current interest in
    hylemorphism for proper ontology in
    Copenhagen-interpretation of quantum
    mechanics.

- Paid JLB Landscape and Construction, Inc.
  - Invoice 0625-82 had been received in
    mail.
  - 7203404953
  - https://jlbservices.com
    - Could not discover how to pay on line.
  - Finally paid $240, which includes the
    invoice above plus more work, by
    responding to email sent on 2024 Aug 28
    to `thomas.e.vaughan@outlook.com`.
    - Original work was to replace leaking
      valve in front yard.
    - Recent work was to fix stuck valve in
      front yard.

- Cancelled service by True Green at 742
  Picket Lane in Longmont.

- OrganoLawn
  - Enrolled Serenity Circle in
    weed-treatment program.
  - Scheduled sprinkler-blowout for Oct 17.

- Texted Julian to call me to get bank-card
  information to change how Public Storage
  in Houston is charged.

- Paid $2623.60 on Mary's Citi card by check
  in envelope from most recent statement.
  - Got amount by calling for most
    up-to-date balance.
  - Plan to cancel card so soon as Julian
    changes Public-Storage account in
    Houston to use my bank-card.

- As of 2025 Aug 18, the principal owed on
  Picket Lane was $5,345.36.
  - After most recent funds-transfer for
    mortgage (today), checking at FirstBank
    has about $2900.
  - That's enough for one more full payment.
  - If the house sell this month, then I'll
    not have to transfer any more money into
    that account to keep making
    mortgage-payments.
  - The remaining principal should be about
    $4300 or so at the moment.
    - Principal goes down about $1000.00 per
      month.
    - Payment is about $1500 per month.
    - Rest is mostly escrow because so
      little interest now.

- Paid $300-ish to Pristine, the
  carpet-cleaning company, by way of
  Citi-card.
  - This will make it so that the balance
    will likely be other than zero when I
    call to cancel the card.
  - I might also end up paying for the
    general cleaners on that card.
  - I don't see any other upcoming charges
    for it, though.

<!-- EOF -->
