### 2024 August 14 (Wednesday)

- Arose at 05:20 for morning prayer.

  - Patrick joined me.

- Drove to LCC and walked into the building,
  but then realized that I did not have my
  gear for climing.

  - It was not in the Subaru, which I had
    driven to LCC.
  - So I drove back home and gave up on
    climbing today.
  - At least I had remembered to take my
    gear out of the Camry.
  - Finding my shoes and chalk-bag in my
    bedroom, I moved the into the Subaru so
    that I'll have them when I drive to LCC
    on Friday morning.

- When taking out the garbage at Picket, I
  put all of the broken-down cardboard boxes
  into one or the other of the bins.

- Getting close to finishing Isaacson's
  biography of Einsten.

  - About an hour left after the trip home
    from LCC.

- Last night, I read a bit again from the
  beginning of Hazony.

  - I reviewed the passage in which he
    indicates that he will not in
    Conservatism: A Rediscovery indicate why
    he objects to the Catholic view of
    conservatism as respect for the natural
    law as put forth by Aquinas.
  - I looked for and did not find Hazony's
    summary of his position, the detail of
    which I have forgotten.
  - What I seem to remember is only that
    Hazony shuns every prescriptive or
    ideological view in a certain broad
    category, but I don't remember anything
    more precise than that.

- Worked on guessing game for rust.

  - It is neat, that
    ```sh
    cargo doc --open
    ```
    "will build documentation provided by
    all your dependencies locally and open
    it in your browser."
  - Looking at the documentation for rand
    (0.8.5), I see that the
    ```rust
    use rand::Rng;
    ```
    near the top of `main.rs` uses a "trait"
    defined in `rand`.
  - A trait seems to be a collection of
    methods.
  - I found that I could instead do
  - ```rust
    use rand::{thread_rng, Rng};
    ```
    to use both the top-level method
    `thread_rng` and the trait `Rng`, which
    provides the `gen_range` method as a
    member of the thing returned by
    `thread_rng()`
  - After finishing the guessing game, the
    appearance of `num` in the
    match-construct seems mysterious to me.
    ```rust
    let guess: u32 = match guess.trim().parse() {
      OK(num) => num,
      Err(_) => continue,
    };
    ```
    `num` is nowhere defined.
  - I verified that one can type any
    identifier rather than `num`.

- Started reading Chapter 3 of the
  rust-book.
  - In Appendix A, there is the neat idea of
    a raw identifier.
    - The raw identifier is a keyword that
      is used nevertheless as an identifier,
      by way of the `r#` prefix.
    - This allows the symbol in the binary
      to have the same name as a keyword.
    - For example one can call a function in
      a library compiled in a different
      language, when an external
      function-name of the library has the
      same identifier as a keyword in rust.
  - Started 3.1.
  - A `const` value is a constant
    expression and can be declared even in
    the global scope.
    - The type must be annotated for a
      `const` value.
  - Started 3.2.
