---
created: 2024-08-15T06:53:52-06:00
modified: 2024-08-15T13:09:49-06:00
type: Journal
---

# 2024 August 15 (Thursday)

- Arose at 05:20 for morning prayer.

  - Patrick joined me.

- Jogged at about 11:45 pace for 1.5 mi.

- Started rosary while driving with Benny
  over to feed cats and unlock Picket.

  - Rosary finished as we were approaching
    St. Francis to serve for the Feast of
    the Assumption.
  - I Asked Emma about her plan.
    - Her flight to California is today at
      noon.
    - She will enter postulancy on Sunday.
    - Postulancy is a one-year period of
      discernment during which she picks
      three names for herself to
      contemplate.
    - At the end of the year, if she
      discern into the order, the mother of
      her house will choose one of the three
      names for Emma, and then she will
      become a sister of the Carmelites.
    - If that happen, then we shall not hear
      from or see her again for four years.
    - Emma will surrender her phone on
      Sunday at the beginning of postulancy.
    - She can receive letters of any kind,
      but especially requests for prayer.
    - She must not respond to any such
      letter, but she may read the letter.
    - If I visit her area of California,
      then I can arrange a visit; I am to
      ask her parents for details about
      that.

- Finished 3.3 in book on rust.

  - Like C and C++, rust requires type to be
    specified for every parameter of a
    function.

  - Rust is unlike C and C++ in that an
    assignment in rust does not return the
    assigned value; so assignment in rust is
    a statement, whereas, in C, assignment
    is an expression.

  - When an expression appears on its own
    (and not as part of a statement), then
    it must appear as the last thing in the
    implementation of a function, and there
    must be no terminating semicolon.

  - When a semicolon terminates an
    expression, then the semicolon
    transforms the expression into a
    statement.
    - So a function that returns the value
      of an expression cannot have its
      final expression terminated by a
      semicolon.

- Planned for lunch from East Moon with Amber and Ana.
  - She read her college-entrance essay out loud.
